hey everybody welcome magazine land
plays The Binding of I began with plus
encoding overloaded consider turning
down video settings are using it in
faster coding preset Knives fixed let's
go we're good at Isaac again or at least
decent at Eden which is the different
subsets of skills but I'm feeling better
about myself hey look it's HP what
that's mom's coin purse it looks like
the world's worst eyebrow job and then
dad's key which is an interesting item
paralysis and then two of the same pale
nice hairdo as well range down luck up
and range down luck up fair trade I'd
say rate of fire is good damage is bad
I'd say they basically balance out speed
is not good but not really bad but
certainly the fact that we have more
than you know one HP makes this not a
too difficult of a situation to imagine
that we can succeed I think I'm over my
temporary Isaac badness or you know
psychosis depending on your perspective
so I'm pretty excited about that I've
been winning runs lately I've been doing
okay on dailies and it's like it's a
whole new world
hello Ruka what do you want buddy I
don't think is any reason to use dad's
key in here I kind of thought the secret
room might be on the north exit in this
room but no such luck
I mean dad's key is pretty simple
spelunker set well I mean now it's
really simple because we can actually
just know where to use it but usually
you're just going to use dad's key on
rooms that could be the secret room less
relevant to us now that we've got
spelunkers hat but we can still get into
shops and item rooms for free so it's
worth something and of course like mega
satan is on the agenda eventually I'd
like to see some living bombs here ken
you're my you're my pet and I love you
you can't sit in between the monitor and
the keyboard though it's a bad place for
a cat to be because you know there's
like detron it's up there there's tissue
boxes you start playing with the tissue
boxes and you you get to
distracted easily look you're not
exactly at least by human standards
you're not an intellectual you know
you're a simple creature you like simple
things unfortunately that leads to some
difficult situating at my head phone
cord like you're gonna bite it right now
and you trying to sell me on the idea
that you should be up here between the
keyboard in the butter it's a delicate
place if you buy my hand while I play
this video game I will tweet about it
later because right now I'm busy playing
the game in question but you know you
get the idea okay we're rolling I'm mad
bombs here here's what you do crack this
open let's go
crickets head has the keeper also real
good smack this guy down with a little
bomb action there you go now we're at 12
cents the shop has already been opened
by us so you come back here I don't
think you want to buy a 15 cent item
right now I think what you do want to do
is buy this and then preserve your
chance to get to the arcade on the next
floor and then you can really get the
mad money starting there but I'm going
to use my key it's a range downgrade I'm
going to use my key on this golden chest
and we got a lot of money out of that
albeit not quite enough to actually get
to our 15 cent marker which is good
because it saves us from buying an item
that might be terrible and then we're
going to use a bomb or might be great
for that matter we'll use a bomb right
here we get another golden chest so I
can't open that but I'm also not going
to buy a key and if I buy a key I sure
as heck I'm not going to use it to open
a golden chest considering we you know
might needed to open the item room on
the next floor although with dad's keep
you probably will not so there is that
15 cents if we get the 20 cents maybe
I'll go back to the shop but dude you're
not leaving me with too much real estate
here with your endless firehose of
bullets there we go
still alive gonna have to do better than
that born at night but not last night
got to wake up pretty early in the morn
a hit me with one of those I don't think
so sir maybe on my worst day okay I'm
going to use two bombs because I'd
really like to get a small rock if
possible and we didn't get small rock
but we got two more cents and two more
spear knots and rotten meat
all right down to the next floor easy
money easy money stats are still bad
except for HP in tears but this is where
we turn it all around here kind of
disappointing actually that we don't
have a blood bank because now we
probably will not be able to get access
to the boss Trap room either but it's
okay Ace of Spades stay away from my
judgment he's the only son I got down
Donna Donna please give me an HP up he's
done he dusted himself and then the dude
next to him was just 10 cents down the
drain I mean we should probably be able
to recover 10 cents pretty easily all
things considered another luck upgrade
well worth it
speed downgrade oh god life is pain very
lucky to get through that shouldn't be a
secret room there and then now we're
like onto the actual floor after a
minute and a half of absolute nonsense
we're onto the actual floor here so 0.8
speed is pretty terrible on paper it
doesn't look that much worse than 0.92
but you know every every speed downgrade
starts to matter a little bit more you
know the lower you get here but this
floor is still it represents hope for us
you know we've got a good deal with the
devil chance we already had no mapping
we have one cat in the room does the
second cat wish to enter hell Otomo take
your time no it's not like 30,000 people
watching you try to freaking waddle into
your ramen box here
not watch I guess but listen we're going
to grab key grab bomb
we got nearsighted friend it's terrible
but in fact no there's no but doesn't
really contribute to any transformation
it's just kind of an all-around trash
fire but starter decks pretty solid
starter deck to a clubs I mean for seven
cents we've you know gotten our money's
worth there dude give me small rock all
except the speed downgrade for a damage
upgrade at this point just to be you
know as absurd in one direction is
possible and the era ruin so we've got
four spirit hearts cracked open already
to the best of my memory still no
smaller rock but you know as long as
they keep givin us spirit arts and not
trash I'm a fairly happy camper here
probably not a secret room but it's hard
to tell because of the amnesia try this
one
so our HP is so good like I mean even
though I'm taking some pretty dumb
damage we're in a great spot the only
thing I will say is we're running out of
time oh oh don't you dare buddy I
apologize for the petting zoo that I got
going on here but you know one cat comes
in he's being all lovey-dovey the other
cats like hey I want some attention he
comes in and then the other cat is like
I don't want to be in a room with that
other cat I'm a territorial creature I'd
rather just cede the territory and then
so it did wants to leave so as I have
let it leave and now we should have
reached an equilibrium that we can stick
to for the next 40 minutes or so if you
don't like it you can leave buddy
they light up my life
okay we got like a serious speed
downgrade it's a big floor to like boss
rush might already be a dusted idea
boss freshens old-hat grandpa who says
ol dad anymore
box rushes old hat grandpa the new
hotness
you know what just ASA spades this bad
boy I don't I ace of spades the era room
I'm the new hotness is delirium said no
one ever
straight up weed to fly probably not
this floor but within the next few
floors we need to speed upgrade or the
ability to fly or like life is going to
be pain because 0.6 speed is snow it's
not enough speed to raise a family in
today's day and age be real here this
should not be a secret room below us
because the boss room is there so got
enough bombs to throw in the occasional
one don't think it's going to be a huge
coup for us or anything like that but
it's something or no why maybe luck is
tied to how many pennies we're getting
out of this straight-up matchbook is not
that good two bombs and a black heart
pretty poor return on our investment
here geez you know I guess we're going
for angel rooms dark Prince's crown I
would take it if we had the ability to
activate it right away but considering
how bad it is and how finicky it is I
don't think it's the right call so we're
going to go down and I mean we improved
our damage on this floor and we got
starter deck and we squandered a yellow
rune but all things considered you know
small rock is like the enduring legacy
here and maybe the luck upgrade and then
our deal with the angel chances which
could pay dividends or could be garbage
I mean then I'm still like jaded like a
mid tier 2001 Aerosmith songs with a
video starring Mila Kunis before super
stardom although she was on that 70 show
of the time we need this even though
sometimes it'll give us a speed
downgrade and make me super angry we
need to take this and hope we get speed
upgrades on the rooms that are relevant
stars card
I mean it's boss rush enabler but I
think I kind of just want to use it
right now to give ourselves a crack at
the item room and hopefully gets
something that speeds up software makes
it less likely we get hit in general
so we get 5 extra bombs it's something
probably takes those closer to the boss
fight as well so we might put us on pace
for boss rush will get another teleport
card in all likelihood although also be
irrelevant here dude this is like
incredible distraction at this point but
there we go I got Skype close now we're
good nothing could possibly interrupt us
although our kitchen sink did break
earlier this week so it's it's not like
I'm living a life of chaos just a lot of
stuff going on here that was me turning
on cheatengine so we get a deal with the
angel of Godhead again I load the day
that one day I make that prediction
correctly and some people will take me
seriously but but dude I would welcome
Godhead bomb for a key hey
we're like we're close enough to even
and honestly this is like the least bad
that 0.6 speed has ever felt I think
it's probably because we have mad HP
okay damage and like the spirit hard
action is out of control right now all
chain reaction it was like lightning
everybody was frightening and the music
was soothing so we all started grooving
and so I've always said hey NL sweet
reference buddy
okay battery charge we did find a secret
room
kind of just want to bounce I do want to
go to the shop though like a champion
belt it's probably the item I have the
greatest like level of success in
predicting its champion Bell just
because there's not that many Shop items
relative to other pools so it tends to
show up decently frequently and also
often times you get two items on a shop
so you know you got double the chances
to look like a dangle genius excuse me
we've been here one but but how I don't
understand key bagger I do not care
chaos now that's an interesting item
chaos has given us another magician card
honestly not that good an ancient recall
which gives us three cards replace the
magician with Eze go high priestess for
now now I want to get five more cents
good start we will get five more sense
actually ISM a better way to put that
because of a head of the keepers so that
will allow us to buy something from our
shop the Sun card is kind of the best
place to use it is next floor assuming
we don't get a third curse with a lost
in a row you know just got to modularize
this room every enemy is its own unique
puzzle trick it into jumping to you and
then pick it up you know no problems
here we've already done that room still
a bomb for a key is not a particularly
strong trade no exit here I have no idea
where I'm going you've already been this
way okay you know would make this like
less tedious just throwing this out here
what if we had double the speed double
the speed is where I would start to
consider this like half decent like at
this point I don't even want to go back
to the shop is going to be backtracking
this annoying given the 0.6 speed at our
disposal and I do mean disposal in the
garbage variety
okay so now we got 16 cents we're going
to come back here
I don't think off the top of my head
there's no speed upgrade that you can
get from a shop obviously we haven't
been here which means this is probably
not the right way to go to get to the
shop but I've lost my mind but we could
get again champion belt we only have
chaos so we could get a speed upgrade we
need a speed upgrade anywhere so we
really want to go hard on these rerolls
but also be selective because you could
get any items just because you see a
good quality shop item doesn't mean you
should necessarily go nuts like you know
mom's purse whatever black bean
absolutely not
bumbo for seven senses of temptress now
I'm do I look like the Lord of the Flies
to you my house caucus but let's get a
little better your mom's eyes insulting
ki beggar is like don't waste my time
and then you have honestly you know I'll
be happy to wait so High Priestess card
I'm going to Ace of Spades it
give me these three keys back give me a
speed upgrade pill I'll write we have
the starter deck so gave us a card
instead well I mean I don't really think
the mom transformation is worth anything
at all in this life or the next but we
basically paid seven cents to take a bad
item out of the pool while also getting
it's probably not worth it
while also getting a tarot card out of
it so we paid two cents extra for a
tarot card working towards the mom
transformation isn't worth much but you
know two cents isn't worth much either
so you can see my my opinion here
hopefully I will never find my way out
of this floor this is where I'm going to
die of old age and 0.6 speed poisoning
most people don't believe that 0.6 speed
poisoning is a thing but dude I'm
feeling the ill effects on the human
body right now I'll tell you that much
first off in the lays second off the
Pringles third off m'lady
or sometimes not at all
it's an Austin Powers joke I always
thought it was interesting that Austin
Powers international man of mystery in
the first movie he makes a joke about
not being able to bring a woman to
orgasm now I'm not saying that's
necessarily anything to be ashamed of
you know it's important to be open about
your sexual health Austin Powers but his
associate a lot of fagina says in Japan
men come first and women come second and
then Mike Myers as Austin Powers says
well sometimes not at all baby and
you're like that's clever but at the
same time Austin Powers you trying to
seduce this lady not just so you can get
a slice of that fine bird but also so
you can get the drill plans you know
because you hear that cat number two's
into big underground drills but I guess
it really says a lot about Austin's
wooing power that he's able to make a
joke about his own sexual inadequacy and
then still you know she sleeps with him
anyway although she might just be
sleeping with him to counter it that's
the thing in these spy movies not that
you know I may not understand Austin
Powers a satirical for parody at least
but she's you know she might be sleeping
with him to discover more you know
reconnaissance about you know what his
operation is with Vanessa Kensington has
got to be Kensington couldn't remember
Vanessa's last name how embarrassing
couldn't afford afford a car so she
named her daughter Alexis I left those
three cents on the ground because the
serial point six speed poisoning we have
kirsta the loss again why have you
forsaken me in my heart forsaken me in
my own taro cloth disregard you have not
forsaken me draw three cards which will
actually draw 6 cards you're a fun dull
death do not care fool don't really care
at this point
temperance I'm in magician to a Hart's
dude okay this is our moneymaker ancient
recall actually like a lovely choice
right off the
at here if we're already going to spend
a hundred years here although 0.6 speed
poisoning has become less as a result of
the fact that we just got we got one
point to speed now okay so a sedan I'll
take a spear in ours first we got the
full a sometimes we want the Sun you
want back into the room now you
understand this is absurd right used to
opening and closing the doors non-stop
you get up in to go to the cat hotel
that's right you're in the penthouse
you should be happy to spend your days
there ace of diamonds everything else
give me one single penny for these
things that are worth five cents each I
don't even care because I've gotten over
my zero point six speed poisoning I'm a
very happy camper right now you're going
to give me a third blood bag dare you
give me a third blood bag I'm the most
common Ruka they gave me a third blood
bag buddy 1.5 speed it's out of control
he doesn't care at all you don't care at
all do you
it's just a spectacle to you let the
cops cut off my balls because the cops
are always right glad that's the classic
why are you closed video Cadillac favor
you doesn't want me in are you crazy I
just walked over here back in that like
the g8 riot in Toronto we riot up here
sometimes man g8 ride Vancouver losing
the Stanley Cup Finals services
Canadians are polite I mean we know how
to throw a good riot from time to time
the Stanley Cup Finals riot probably
should not have happened I'm a big
enough man to admit that I wasn't living
in Vancouver at the time in fact I had
never even been to Vancouver at up to
that point in my life but I think I can
say if someone who's lived here for like
six years now or almost six years now
probably that was stupid in hindsight it
was just a hockey game I mean as the
franchise been doomed to mediocrity
ever since yes the sighing the riot
fixed that it just made us the butt of a
joke see you nice property prices
Vancouver what are you going to do they
throw a riot over it it's a national
embarrassment at this point like I would
say I didn't even live here you jerks I
thought that that was actually a stony
but it's not dude I'm begging you give
me the speed and for that I respect you
can you stop giving me curse of the lost
then we use the song car we accomplish
great things we already know it's going
to be a slow run that's okay slow run
take it easy done done it then innit
there's no need to use that once and we
definitely like do not care about
getting more HP we got so much on this
floor there's a pretty sick deal but I'm
gonna tell you I'm gonna re-roll infamy
and I'm reroll infamy because that's a
tough choice isn't there
that's a tough choice I'm reroll infamy
because I wanted something better and we
didn't get anything immediate well
actually we did give something
immediately better in the form of the
pact but I took copies Collard instead
but you know the dream here that we
actually pick up that last guppy item we
need 15 cents ish to make that work
obviously seven might work in some
unique scenarios we got eight but I
don't really want to use so we have
unlimited bombs but because they don't
really want to use bombs to do the
reroll there if we don't have to I just
punch my microphone my apologies
just cuz i'm so flippin mad the word 21
minutes here i can't find my way around
this floor for the life of me dude like
obviously we bend down this direction
set our shop that is there let's just
get our reroll all the way and see if
there's a guppy item wery rolled a 15
cent packs into a seven cent pact that's
actually like the greatest thing that's
ever happened to us so now our stats
improved even more can I get a black
rune please so I can actually know where
I'm going bombs there's no chance you're
going to give me a fourth blood bag on
the same floor it's just not
scientifically plausible I would love it
one point eight-speed don't mind if I do
we can go down to zero HP as far as I'm
concerned because unless we get a fourth
curse of the lost in a row we're going
to pop the sun card and we're going to
use the sun card the map but also give
us full health
I mean this run is is a new archetype
seems to be showing up a little bit more
frequently in in Isaac it's the one run
that just for whatever reason happens to
be ungodly slow I wish you didn't exist
it offends me on a daily basis when I
have a great run that just takes a
hundred years to get to where it's going
but you know what just give me that give
me magic mush there's got to be at this
point by the time you finish this run
you're going to owe me a gold watch you
see the choke there is a gold watch is
typically given after 25 to 50 years of
experience in a company followed by a
retirement and that's how long I feel
like I've been on this run although
obviously that's ridiculous because I'm
you know I'm only 28 years old look at
that it's our fourth blood bag on the
same floor we're at 1.8 speed we
literally tripled our speed on a single
floor it's madness and yet at the same
time
never in my life of I felt like a slower
boy all right let's go see so be a great
opportunity to experience these
so-called you know new deals with the
angel which still continue to not exist
you've got to pay one heart for 99 bombs
that's just science definitely you don't
care about that pretty much we don't
care about this either because we might
as well at this point we're gonna have a
99 year long run we might as well fight
mega Satan at the end of it fairly you
know maximum maximum credit basically
given the amount of money we have and
the fact that we have 97 bombs remaining
say there's a pretty good chance that we
find guppy here as long as we don't get
well I mean we need a rerolls
machine on the shop and then on top of
that if we could not have greed which I
mean I guess you can't have a reroll
machine if you have greed to begin with
and we do have green but steam sale is
pretty much worthless because we're rich
and there's only one shop remaining
because there's no chance for us for us
to ever fight guppy and by guppy I mean
Hoshi and by Hoshi I mean hush and by
hush I mean you know that boss becomes
okay with him the point of absurdity you
get to get the concept of the joke here
good stuff you know really want
counterfeit penny but we didn't want
that key from the inside there nice to
not have curse of the loss for once like
we really are spoiled on this floor to
know where we're going and to be able to
get there and not you know a million
seconds I'll tell you what what's the
good point of having dad's key if we
can't use it properly to skip rooms that
are mildly annoying because my you know
they've got a short fuse as a result of
our amount of time spent on this run so
far it's like the average length of a
dead cells run is less than the amount
of time we spend getting to the boss
life here that was a bad two of clubs
play and I should feel bad
maybe you think that's funny just
sitting at home in your ivory towers you
don't know what it's like on the ground
here okay struggling you got 99 bombs
the game goes another ten more bombs
that's an insult no I don't want another
mint julep I already had a mint julep
now I want a Moscow Mule you idiot I
don't know where I'm going with this
dude at this point come on five blood
bags that would be crazy I refuse to
believe that five blood bags is a world
that will exist here I'm using reverse
psychology okay they gave us IV bag
which is actually like acceptable except
I still want to keep dad's key on this
round we haven't really used it for its
ultimate purpose yet so we'll just keep
jamming out many consumables as we can
get here I mean it is still plausible
that we could die on this run our HP is
low and our our stats are not that good
our HP is amazing but our other stats
are not necessarily crushing it like it
would be not speaking of crushing it
definitely going to use High Priestesses
if this is a boss that's even mildly
annoying but careful careful
we could use some more damage this is a
boss that is more than mildly annoying
so I'm extremely pleased able to skip
the the real nasty stuff damage but the
soul is a really nice pickup basically I
think like more absolute damage would be
swell but we've been trolled a little
bit on this run and the curse of the
blind gives us a chance to be trolled to
the extreme it's weird because like in
real life I actually I like curse of the
blind it's gonna sound we I don't like
you know being vision impaired that's
not what I'm trying to suggest that
would be insensitive but I talked about
this on the LSS and people actually
asked you know not the stigma
mental illness but they're like is it is
NL okay when I go to a restaurant I
don't typically look at the menu very
much I just like cuz I think like you
look at a menu we've got 20 things on it
what does it matter you know you're
going to you're going to talk yourself
into it out of like so many different
things oh do I want the bourbon burger
oh I don't know the Bison steak sounds
good everything sounds good it's a menu
that's what it's designed for so
typically I just you know Kate decides
on whatever she wants and if she wants
to get something to share to begin or
even there's an entree then we you know
we talk it over get over the Geneva
Convention there I almost made it out of
that one
but then if I'm ordering like just for
myself I don't look at the menu until
the server comes back and then I just
sort of pop it open you know look at the
main section of the menu and go all
right I'll have one that sounds good
I'll have that I like I live the Seine
in real life I guess is what I'm trying
to say we should definitely play the
bomb beggar
she doesn't happen that often but
doesn't even show up that often to be
fair what a great idea what if there's
an enemy not an enemy what are there's a
familiar we're not really familiar what
if there was a slot machine you put
bombs into it and it gives you a chance
to get bombs back what a novel concept
oh I've given him a bomb he has not
given me I've given him a bomb and he's
just eating it the rascal look at this
he's so hungry for bomb say I give he
gave me two bombs for my bomb and
finally pays that with mom's pearls and
our mom transformation is complete but
what do you got for me buddy
I like I like to roll in the rear old
button in real life caryl clock is so
good dude I don't really have like a
further justification for my actions
except that I don't know I don't think
there's like an optimal way to order off
a menu because everything sounds good
the one over set 99 sad bombs is great
here the one exception to that is I
think if you're going to a place that's
famous or something and you don't
dislike what they're famous for you have
an obligation to get with they're famous
for it so if you're going to a place is
like you know Nathan's Famous hot dogs
and then you look at the menu and you're
looking at something that's not a hot
dog I'm not going to tell you how to
live your life but I think that you're
missing out on an optimal order there
you know there's a restaurant in
Vancouver called peaceful restaurant
it's famous for these peaceful beef
rolls it's like Chinese style pancake
with marinated sweet beef in between the
folds it's delicious Guy Fieri profile
that is highly critical review show
diners drive-ins and dives if you're
going to peaceful restaurant for the
first time and you're going what's good
here I don't really like the concept of
that peace will be Ferol just go down
the streets of the McDonald's on West
4th okay you're wasting your time unless
you know you really like the soy garlic
spareribs or something like which is
acceptable you know it's also delicious
so it wouldn't be the coffee's head
let's go we're in this to win this now
but apart from that he was going to a
restaurant and it's like you know Paul's
restaurant you know what give me the
third entree I haven't even looked at
the menu assuming the third entree is in
you know human waste I'll take I'll give
it a try I'll try anything once is why I
find it funny people say I'm a picky
eater anytime I go to a restaurant
especially if it's like a special
occasion because it's normally like a
pretty like a fancy restaurant thing but
if the restaurant or the server is like
you know we have a chef's menu where for
like X amount of dollars we'll just give
you like three random courses I'm like
I'll take that every
time choose for me I don't care if it's
the specials that you couldn't sell I
want them
oh god those were Yaris dude that's cool
though as you see that we blank rune
used two differents we're going to take
the black runes obviously but blank rune
used two different runes when we popped
it that's kind of cool so this run is
like we will win it took a while to get
to this point but like okay well now
honestly a win is slightly less
guaranteed now but we're still probably
going to win Rawdon baby's great book if
sin takes us closer to bookworm at least
and then we do have a reroll machine
which is amazing we're not going to be
able to fight hush so it's almost
impossible for us to accidentally mess
this one up and then if we get a lot of
active items like these for example
there's bookworm we will just black ruin
them money equals power all right I
think we should just black her in these
and that was a nice little statistical
increase there and then we got a little
tool clubs to go along with it so we
have unlimited sad bombs effectively
though pretty sweet so yeah I mean if I
I'm not saying you should make this your
business model because I think the some
extent I'm an aberrant customer but if
there was a menu item that said
literally just pick this and we'll
choose what to feed you most of the time
I would probably take it and it's not
because I'm a little baby who doesn't
know what he likes you know I know what
I like I just don't know what's good at
your restaurant and I also it is my own
personal foible admittedly I don't trust
when you go to a restaurant you talk to
somebody go was good I don't think
they're going to give you something
that's bad necessarily but I just don't
think that oh my god we killed it but
your pet killed them I just don't think
that necessarily their taste lineup
right like I have to go and this is
approaching absurdity if we haven't
already crossed that bridge ages ago but
I have to be like tell me what do you
like and then what do you like here I
feel like all I'm a vegetarian and I
think lino like the mushroom burgers
good I'd be like you know what send over
the meat-eating waiter I'm in the mood
to be carnivorous tonight I appreciate
and respect your lifestyle choices but
your your selection is not what I'm
going to have here like I remember once
the king of this is Michael al Fox just
to preface this story I went to
McDonald's with Michael al Fox and Kate
and we I order an mi olivet MP chicken
nugget or some way I know remember it
was like four years ago and then Kate
orders whatever she ordered a mouth goes
up and he goes mmm what's good here
it's a presser eyes I mean I use
restaurant loosely but you know it's a
place he's eaten at a hundred thousand
times but he's like well what's your
favorite thing here and he's expecting
her to say like oh I like the Big Mac
instead she's like I usually get a
strawberry milkshake at a chicken Snack
Wrap and he's like all right I'll take
one of those like the stupid guy's
shoehorn himself in eating it
and I don't know if he was pleased with
the outcome I don't know if he's
displeased you'll have to ask him but it
was it was a good experience a fun time
was had by all especially the people
next to him during this experience um I
mean I'm just gonna black ruin it it's
not like we have to but the run is so
unbelievably strong at this point and
dude like full-on mapping I'm so excited
this run went from slow to fast really
quickly and for that like I'm eternally
grateful
so 2a diamonds means good but we will
never be able to make it to hush on this
one - a diamonds to a diamonds Ace of
Spades
well we should - a diamonds twice oh we
already have Tarot cloths so the two of
diamonds is actually like four of
diamonds which is a strange expression
to say what's wrong with that Mouse
story by the way I don't know it's just
you it's putting on airs there's
something the same night we were at a
bar and you know we were splitting
rounds with one another alternating
rounds rather and then you know it's his
turn to buy and the bartender comes over
and mouths like well what do you like
here and the guys I usually have like a
glass of Jameson neat and he's like all
right two of those do doesn't like
scotch it's just it's straight alcohol
so if you haven't cultured to taste for
it it's poison basically you got a the
thing with you know acquired taste like
that basically you're like I know it's
poison but like like it after a while
I'm not insulting scotch by the way you
know I like a nice glass of neat scotch
or whiskey or scotch whiskey for that
matter know the terminology as well as I
would like to I'm not a I'm not a a mult
head way to Pete head I don't know what
they say okay probably the Scotch lover
is the best way to put it
Scotch lover sounds like a Nick Cave
song though maybe that's a good thing
let's keep this I want spirit hearts
we're getting milled the dude just like
set their nurse in this glass of scotch
for like the next hour and a half he
doesn't like you TV in a way it's very
brave eyo pijn themself up to failure
and then experienced it firsthand but I
don't know that what's good here maybe
you can backfire I think it works and
I'm not saying Mike is a picky eater
either he's got broad tastes but I'll
eat anything
if you if I went to a good restaurant
and they literally brought out like Stu
served in a garbage bag I would be like
look that's a little ridiculous but I am
going to give it a try ooh nice depth of
flavor you know what the heck hit me
there we should not die if this results
in our death
something has gone horribly horribly
wrong even at 1 hp we should be like in
assailable on this run
Oh Bobby that is actually just so bad
okay get your head in the game here
there's no reason to be losing this many
lives lose another couple and I'm gonna
start to worry about our our chances
here you gotta pay attention to the
beams man I just think I'm you know you
might be saying well what if what have
you say just give me whatever not that I
would never go to a restaurant and be
like just give me whatever by the way
unless they have that option on the menu
because it opens it puts too much
liability on the server what do they
bring you something you're allergic to
obviously you're an idiot for letting
them order for you in the first place in
that case but you know still let's get
some HP and then try to fight mega Satan
here guess we can use homing x' here's
give me cards please what but we already
got mom's contacts that's strange but I
forgot what I was saying it doesn't
matter I would never go to a restaurant
and do that I guess what I'm trying to
say but I kind of like I simulate that
on my own I'm just as you might be say
what does it bring you the entree salad
when you wanted meat well if I want to
meet I would overtime
do most so I gotta be honest with you
I'm going to a place that allows me to
substitute fries for a Caesar salad sign
me up
NL do you know that a Caesar salad is
not necessarily good for you of course
that's why I love it it's like it's fat
and like bread
sometimes bacon Parmesan Reggiano cheese
is delicious so I just I don't know how
deep I want to go on this you only got
three lives left here but I figured if
we're at 1 hp it's not even brave -
potato peeled it gives the appearance of
bravery but it's not brave it's just
correct I know by the way it's starting
to get a trickle in the comments he's
going to die how is he going to lose
this run I can't believe he's going to
lose spare me
we might not fight mega Satan because
our HP is low but if we get like 2 HP I
will fight mega same conceivably I think
we could beat mega Satan with 1 HP I
just don't necessarily want to invite
that evil into my life right away I was
thinking with 3 luck we got a good
chance to get some extra items and
there's one right there
Book Of Shadows is like real sweet
gimpy with three luck is really good but
we need to get the spirit hours before
we go in there otherwise we get it once
we're going to die whether it's pond
Spirit eyes or not
Oh curved horn four plus two damage
don't mind if I do
and dude this is the run that has me
feeling like I'm back in the saddle
again like it wasn't a tough run it was
slow and now we're on one HP and I feel
no terror in my life whatsoever like
this is just a nice run basically a
nalgas rune is also an instant win
especially with taro cloth like with our
stats it'll last us the whole run or the
whole fight whether it's blue baby or
mega satan but we've got one HP right
here I say we give it a shot but let's
do our last like three or four rooms
here
the idea being you know with 4.0 7 lakh
I'm expecting some items
you still have 93 sad bombs which is
actually like 160 something sad bombs
because we can get down to 25 and then
you all we've lost to a club somewhere
but hey the point is we're not going to
use 160 bombs on the fight regard we're
not going to use 20 sad bombs on the Bob
site probably
yeah let's give it a try I think with
invincibility we should be okay
the real catch will be like if we get
hit once but we get the payout from
gimpy I don't know why I had to think of
like the five different moving parts
there if we can get hit once as long as
the payout gives us the gimpy payout
gives us a spirit heart like if that's
the case where we're sitting pretty
really like this wave is a joke and then
for the next wave it's all about proper
sad bombs usage and I popped a book of
shadows as well actually like a fairly
highly suboptimal book of shadows play
but at least it lasted us the whole wave
then we'll get angel statues one sad
bomb Plus like two hits should mess up
the Angels pretty good this guy stands
literally no chance yeah we should be
totally fine this run got crazy strong
I'm very happy with that we'll drop a
little bomb up here get him frozen and
drop another sad bomb up there double
mom's mom's contact not mom's contact
that's I don't know this a really racist
joke about Jamaica or a really lewd joke
about the anatomical name of the mound
above your pubis
for now though thanks for watching hope
you guys enjoyed the episode of e then
click the like button upside a great
deal of course subscribe you wanna see
more in the future but for now thanks
for watching and I will see you next
time